{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37900\viewh17980\viewkind0
\pard\tqr\tx260\tx420\li420\fi-420\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 	1.	
\f1\b What is the Internet?
\f2\b0 \
The Internet is a vast global network that connects millions of devices, allowing them to share information and communicate. \
It works through a system of interconnected computers, servers, and data centers, enabling activities like browsing websites, \
sending emails, and streaming videos.\

\f0 	2.	
\f1\b What is a Web Browser?
\f2\b0 \
A web browser is a software application that lets you access and interact with websites on the Internet. \
It translates website code into readable content, displaying text, images, and videos for users.\

\f0 	3.	
\f1\b What is a Browser Engine?
\f2\b0 \
A browser engine is the core component of a web browser that interprets HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to render web pages. I\
t handles layout, styling, and interaction, ensuring websites appear and function correctly.\

\f0 	4.	
\f1\b What is a Static Site?
\f2\b0 \
A static site is a website with fixed content that doesn\'92t change unless manually updated. It is built using simple HTML, CSS, \
and sometimes JavaScript, and is ideal for small, information-focused sites.\

\f0 	5.	
\f1\b What is a Dynamic Site?
\f2\b0 \
A dynamic site generates content on the fly based on user input or other factors. It uses server-side scripting \
(e.g., PHP, Python) and databases to deliver personalized and interactive experiences, like e-commerce stores \
or social media platforms.}